README.md, before:

# Outcome/Income Tracker

This is a my first program,
it's a basic program which tracks your outcomes and incomes.

I've created this in Eclipse using JavaFX.

versions
- 1.0
- 1.01	added ReadMe file
- 1.02	added methods descriptions
- 1.03	pre-sorting by date
- 1.04	added filtering entries (last 30 days) by ToggleButton there is a BUG entries cannot be sorted after filtering (it's not supported yet by FilteredList)
redesigned ToolBaradded Buttons for adding, editing and deleting
added arrow to the sorting column at the start of application
redesigned MenuBar
- 1.05	improved filtering (resign of using FilteredList) - now it support sorting after filtering
- 1.06	further improvement to filtering (now it should work as intended - modifying data, when filtering is active, is now supported)
added statistics
- 1.07	binary format of storing data instead of text file
further minor changes
- 1.08	binary format with Serialization
- 1.09	data stored in singleton
- 1.10	better exceptions handling
		
	

Still to implement:
- cell colors

Commit message:

ver 1.11
Open Data...,  Save As...

README.md, after:

# Outcome/Income Tracker

This is a my first program,
it's a basic program which tracks your outcomes and incomes.

I've created this in Eclipse using JavaFX.

versions
- 1.0
- 1.01	added ReadMe file
- 1.02	added methods descriptions
- 1.03	pre-sorting by date
- 1.04	added filtering entries (last 30 days) by ToggleButton there is a BUG entries cannot be sorted after filtering (it's not supported yet by FilteredList) || redesigned ToolBar || added Buttons for adding, editing and deleting || added arrow to the sorting column at the start of application || redesigned MenuBar
- 1.05	improved filtering (resign of using FilteredList) - now it supports sorting after filtering
- 1.06	further improvements to filtering (now it should work as intended - modifying data, when filtering is active, is now supported)
added statistics
- 1.07	binary format of storing data instead of text file
further minor changes
- 1.08	binary format with Serialization
- 1.09	data stored in singleton
- 1.10	better exceptions handling
- 1.11	open new data (adding to or replacing existing data) and save as
		
	

Still to implement:
- cell colors
